README.md, before:

# MAS306 Drone Arena 2024

<p style="text-align: center;">This repository was created for use with the bachelor thesis 2024, for the following members:</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><i> Thomas Lønne Stiansen &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Adrian Mathias Lervik Ling &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Jan Laksesvela Haugstad</i></p>
<!-- <p style="text-align: center;"><i> Adrian Mathias Lervik Ling </i></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><i> Jan Laksesvela Haugstad </i></p>  -->

## Repository Structure
- CAD ~ 3D modelling
- Canvas ~ Gathered files scattered through modules and courses
- Cheat Sheets ~ Summaries of markdown, git, etc.
- CircuitDesign ~ Electronic circuit design
- Code ~ Source Code main folder
- Datasheets ~ Relevant datasheets
- Figures ~ Temporary figures, finals are added in LaTeX.
 
## Google Docs
### Folders
- Archive ~ Old files
- Friday logs ~ Summary each week
- Weekly Muri-Meetings ~ Weekly meetings with the project mentor

### Files
- Notes MAS306
- Planning
- Gantt Chart
- System Overview

## Miscellaneous Notes
- All dates will be in the order YYYY.MM.DD
- Further README.md files may be present in sub-directories, where applicable

Commit message:

Uploaded report, image and video link for public access :)

README.md, after:

# MAS306 Drone Arena 2024

<p style="text-align: center;">This repository was created for use with the bachelor thesis 2024, for the following members:</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><i> Thomas Lønne Stiansen &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Adrian Mathias Lervik Ling &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Jan Laksesvela Haugstad</i></p>
<!-- <p style="text-align: center;"><i> Adrian Mathias Lervik Ling </i></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><i> Jan Laksesvela Haugstad </i></p>  -->

![alt text](frontPageArenaDrone.png)

Video from BSc. thesis, edited by Thomas Lønne Stiansen: \
https://youtu.be/jgXzDRpN-2Y?si=vNdUQDb9o-jMdF8C

## Repository Structure
- CAD ~ 3D modelling
- Canvas ~ Gathered files scattered through modules and courses
- Cheat Sheets ~ Summaries of markdown, git, etc.
- CircuitDesign ~ Electronic circuit design
- Code ~ Source Code main folder
- Datasheets ~ Relevant datasheets
- Figures ~ Temporary figures, finals are added in LaTeX.
 
## Google Docs
### Folders
- Archive ~ Old files
- Friday logs ~ Summary each week
- Weekly Muri-Meetings ~ Weekly meetings with the project mentor

### Files
- Notes MAS306
- Planning
- Gantt Chart
- System Overview

## Miscellaneous Notes
- All dates will be in the order YYYY.MM.DD
- Further README.md files may be present in sub-directories, where applicable
